fix: Update local setup guide (#215)
langchain-ai/open-canvas: README.md

- **Live markdown rendering & editing**: Open Canvas's markdown editor allows you to view the rendered markdown while you're editing, without having to toggle back and fourth.

## Setup locally

This guide will cover how to setup and run Open Canvas locally. If you prefer a YouTube video guide, check out [this video](https://youtu.be/SDnbX7v-i9M).

### Prerequisites

Open Canvas requires the following API keys and external services:

#### Package Manager

- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

#### LLM APIs

- [OpenAI API key](https://platform.openai.com/signup/)
- [Anthropic API key](https://console.anthropic.com/)
- (optional) [Google GenAI API key](https://aistudio.google.com/apikey)
- (optional) [Fireworks AI API key](https://fireworks.ai/login)

#### Authentication

- [Supabase](https://supabase.com/) account for authentication

#### LangGraph Cloud

- [LangGraph Studio](https://studio.langchain.com/) (if running on MacOS) OR [LangGraph CLI](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/cloud/reference/cli/) (for Windows/Linux/etc) for running the graph locally

#### LangSmith

> - (optional) [LangSmith](https://smith.langchain.com/) for tracing & observability

Author: ```suggestion
- (optional) [LangSmith](https://smith.langchain.com/) for tracing & observability (required if using LangGraph CLI)
```

- **Code, Markdown, or both**: The artifact view allows for viewing and editing both code, and markdown. You can even have chats which generate code, and markdown artifacts, and switch between them.
- **Live markdown rendering & editing**: Open Canvas's markdown editor allows you to view the rendered markdown while you're editing, without having to toggle back and fourth.

## Setup locally

> This guide will cover how to setup and run Open Canvas locally. If you prefer a YouTube video guide, check out [this video](https://youtu.be/SDnbX7v-i9M).

Author: ```suggestion
This guide will cover how to setup and run Open Canvas locally. If you prefer a YouTube video guide, check out [this video](https://youtu.be/sBzcQYPMekc).
```
